   Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2002 09:42:17 -0000
   From: "rlove607" <rlove607@aol.com>
Subject: Making Dasher talk & Other thoughts

Making Dasher talk.  
 
Margaret Cotts posted something on making Dasher talk with macros.  I 
read over her instructions and decided to try it. Great idea 
Margret!  David Norwood posted the link to Autoit and I used it to 
make some macro exe's. I used Readplease 2003 for speech and also 
made one that uses Onscreens TTS engine.  I figured that would 
simplify getting the programs to work together. One exe (SETTALK)
opens Dasher & Readplease and creates a text file on the desktop, 
then points both programs to use that file. The other exe (DASHTALK)
takes what you've written with dasher and saves it into the text 
file, then opens that file in readplease and reads it. Like Margret 
said it's not perfect, theres a slight delay but hey it works. The 
only catch is Dasher & Readplease MUST be in their default 
directories.  If anyone wants to try the macro sets they are on my 
website.  Let me know if they work for you, i've only tested them 
with windows ME.  

http://members.aol.com/rlove607/software.html

Ronnie Love (PALS)


I downloaded and tested Dasher after Kyle posted the link in Living 
with ALS group.  What a concept, words that come to you instead of 
looking for letters on an onscreen keyboard!  I think it has so many 
applications just waiting to be discovered. I can't wait to see the 
finished version.  I downloaded the preview of 3.0 just to see what 
was added.  The ability to have the letters come from any direction 
is good.  I have ALS and use a head tracking device to type.  It is 
faster to move side to side and less stress on the neck.  However I 
found that turning up the speed on Naturalpoint (my tracking device)
made a huge difference in ease of use.  It's logical to me that the 
letters / words come from the right as in version 1.6.8 but having 
the option to change that, great addition.  

 




